ladies and gents it's your 2011 Strictly
Come Dancing champ Harry and Ally oh no
congratulations
whoa how does it feel to lift the
glitter ball trophy Wow I was literally
wait waiting to like wake up from a
dream it's been the whole experience has
been absolutely see the emotion as well
it must be particularly exciting and
emotional for you ally owner of course
you were here last year just pitts what
does it mean to win tonight I'm so proud
of Harry series he made it such a
pleasure this series that I'm so glad
that he lifted the glitter ball and a
fantastic answer the series tell us now
will you be teaching the rest of the
McFly lads a few steps they expressed an
interest in dance the voice of express
thanks Brendon
the boys have expressed an interest in
dance after you know since I've been
doing Strictly they've been incredibly
supportive they stormed the stage when
we won I was worried that Bruce thought
they were streakers and yeah wow they
the guys have been as always a huge
support very vocal tonight get some
fantastic fans ladies and gents Harry
and Aliona it's been an amazing series
thank you for being a huge part of it
and goodbye from as all here at
Blackpool